Add docs for no-operation (empty) applies. (#2281)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/run/ui.mdx

Note that once the plan stage is completed, until you apply or discard a plan, Terraform Cloud can't start another run in that workspace.

### Empty apply

> Plans that contain no changes can be applied if you create a run in [No-Operation Apply Mode](/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options#no-operation-apply). This particularly useful for upgrading between Terraform versions in your workspace, [read more on upgrading workspace state.](/cloud-docs/workspaces/state#upgrading-state).  

Reviewer: Should this be, `...This is particularly useful...`

> By default, Terraform Cloud will automatically mark a run as completed if the plan contains no changes. However, plans that contain no changes can be applied if you create a run in [Allow Empty Apply Mode](/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options#allow-empty-apply). This is particularly useful for upgrading between Terraform versions in your workspace, [read more on upgrading workspace state.](/cloud-docs/workspaces/state#upgrading-state).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Terraform Cloud automatically marks a run as completed if the plan contains no changes. Creating a run in [Allow Empty Apply Mode](/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options#allow-empty-apply) allows Terraform to perform a no-operation apply from a plan containing no infrastructure changes. During an empty apply, Terraform upgrades the state file format to match the Terraform version, if required. This is particularly useful for upgrading between Terraform versions in your workspace. Refer to [upgrading state](/cloud-docs/workspaces/state#upgrading-state) for more details..  
```
